type=strongsubj len=1 word1=thugs pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=weed pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bong pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=coke pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=crack pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=whore pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=whore pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fuck pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fucker pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fucking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=motherfucker pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=motherfucking pos1=ads stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ass pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=asshole pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=christ pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gay pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fag pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=faggot pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dick pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cock pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cunt pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pussy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jesus pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nigger pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=niggers pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nigga pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=niggas pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=niggaz pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=piss pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pissed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abandoned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abandonment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abandon pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abase pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abasement pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abash pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abdicate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aberration pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aberration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abhor pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abhor pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abhorred pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abhorrence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abhorrent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abhorrently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abhors pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abhors pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abject pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abjectly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abjure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abnormal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abolish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abominable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abominably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abominate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abomination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abrade pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abrasive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abrupt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abscond pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=absence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=absentee pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=absent-minded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=absurd pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=absurdity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=absurdly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=absurdness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abuse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abuse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abuse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abuses pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=abuses pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abusive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abysmal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abysmally pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=abyss pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=accidental pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=accost pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=accountable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=accursed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=accusation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=accusation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=accusations pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=accusations pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=accuse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=accuses pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=accusing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=accusingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=acerbate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=acerbic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=acerbically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ache pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=acrid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=acridly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=acridness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=acrimonious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=acrimoniously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=acrimony pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=adamant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=adamantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=addict pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=addiction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=admonish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=admonisher pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=admonishingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=admonishment pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=admonition pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=adrift pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=adulterate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=adulterated pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=adulteration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=adversarial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=adversary pos1=noun stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=adverse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=adversity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=affectation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=afflict pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=affliction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=afflictive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=affront pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=affront pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=afraid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=against pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aggravate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aggravating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aggravation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aggression pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aggression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aggressive pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aggressiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aggressor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aggrieve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aggrieved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aghast pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=agitate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=agitated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=agitation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=agitator pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=agonies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=agonize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=agonizing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=agonizing pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=agonizingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=agony pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ail pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ail pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ailment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aimless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=airs pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=airs pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=alarm pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=alarm pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=alarmed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=alarming pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=alarmingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=alas pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=alienate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=alienated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=alienation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=allegation pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=allegations pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=allege pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=allegations pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=allergic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aloof pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=altercation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=although pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ambiguous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ambiguity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ambivalence pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ambivalent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ambivalent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ambush pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ambush pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=amiss pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=amputate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anarchism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anarchist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anarchistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anarchy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=anemic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anger pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anger pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anger pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=angrily pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=angriness pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=angry pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anguish pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anguish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=annihilate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=annihilation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=animosity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=annoy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=annoyance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=annoyed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=annoying pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=annoying pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=annoyingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=anomalous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=anomaly pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=antagonism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=antagonist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=antagonistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=antagonize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti- pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-American pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-American pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-Israeli pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-Israeli pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-Semites pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-Semites pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-US pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-US pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-occupation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-occupation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-proliferation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-proliferation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-social pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-white pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anti-white pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=antipathy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=antiquated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=antithetical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=antithetical pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anxieties pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anxiety pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anxious pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anxiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=anxiousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=apathetic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=apathetic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=apathetically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=apathy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ape pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=apocalypse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=apocalyptic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=apologist pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=apologist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=apologists pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=apologists pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=appal pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=appall pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=appall pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=appall pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=appalled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=appalling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=appallingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=apprehension pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=apprehensions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=apprehensions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=apprehensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=apprehensive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=apprehensively pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=arbitrary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=arcane pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=archaic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=arduous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=arduously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=argue pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=argument pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=argument pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=argumentative pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=arguments pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=arguments pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=arrogance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=arrogant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=arrogant pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=arrogantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=arrogantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=artificial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ashamed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=asinine pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=asininely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=asinininity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=askance pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=asperse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aspersion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aspersions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=assail pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=assassinate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=assassin pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=assault pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=assault pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=astray pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=asunder pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=atrocious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=atrocities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=atrocity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=atrophy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=attack pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=attack pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=audacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=audaciously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=audaciousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=audacity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=austere pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=authoritarian pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=autocrat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=autocratic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=autocratic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=autocratic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=avalanche pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=avalanche pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=avarice pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=avaricious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=avariciously pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=avenge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=averse pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=aversion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=avoid pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=avoidance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=awful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=awful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=awfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=awfulness pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=awfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=awkward pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=awkwardness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ax pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=babble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=backbite pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=backbiting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=backward pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=backwardness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bad pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=badly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=baffle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=baffled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bafflement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=baffling pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bait pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=balk pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=banal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=banal pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=banalize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bane pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=banish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=banish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=banishment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bankrupt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bankrupt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bar pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=barbarian pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=barbarian pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=barbaric pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=barbarically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=barbarity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=barbarity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=barbarous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=barbarous pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=barbarously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=barely pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=barren pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=baseless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bashful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bastard pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bastard pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=battered pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=battering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=battering pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=battle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=battle-lines pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=battle-lines pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=battlefield pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=battleground pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=battleground pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=batty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bearish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=beast pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=beast pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=beastly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bedlam pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bedlamite pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=befoul pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=beg pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=beggar pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=beggarly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=begging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=begging pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=beguile pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=belated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=belabor pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=beleaguer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=belie pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=belittle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=belittled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=belittling pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bellicose pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bellicose pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=belligerence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=belligerent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=belligerent pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=belligerently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bemoan pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bemoaning pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bemused pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=berate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bereave pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bereavement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bereft pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=berserk pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=beseech pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=beset pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=besiege pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=besmirch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bestial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=betray pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=betrayal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=betrayals pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=betrayer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bewail pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=beware pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bewilder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bewildered pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bewildering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bewildering pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bewilderingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bewilderment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bewitch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bias pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bias pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bias pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=biased pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=biased pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=biases pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=biases pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bicker pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bickering pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bid-rigging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bitch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bitchy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=biting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bitingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bitter pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bitterly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bitterness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bizarre pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blab pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blabber pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=black pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=blackmail pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blah pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blame pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blame pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blame pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blameworthy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bland pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blandish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blaspheme pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blasphemous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blasphemous pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blasphemy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=blast pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blasted pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blatant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blatantly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blather pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bleak pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bleakly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bleakness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bleed pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=blemish pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=blemish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=blind pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blinding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blinding pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blindingly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=blindness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blindside pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blister pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blistering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bloated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=block pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=block pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blockhead pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=blood pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bloodshed pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bloodthirsty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bloody pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=blow pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=blow pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blunder pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blunder pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blundering pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blunders pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blunt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=blur pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=blurt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=boast pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=boastful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=boggle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bogus pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=boil pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=boiling pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=boisterous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bombard pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bomb pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bombardment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bombardment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bombastic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bondage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bonkers pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bonkers pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bore pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=boredom pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=boring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=boring pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=botch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bother pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bother pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bothersome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bowdlerize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=boycott pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=boycott pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brag pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brag pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=braggart pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=braggart pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bragger pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bragger pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brainwash pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brash pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brashly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brashness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bravado pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brazen pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brazenly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brazenly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brazenness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brazenness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=breach pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=breach pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=break pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=break-point pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=break-point pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=breakdown pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brimstone pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brimstone pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bristle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=brittle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=broke pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=broken-hearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brood pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=browbeat pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bruise pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brusque pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brutal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brutalising pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brutalising pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brutalities pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brutalities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brutality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brutalize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brutalizing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brutally pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brute pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=brutish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bug pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=buckle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bulky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bullies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bullies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bully pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bully pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bullyingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bum pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bumpy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bungle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=bungler pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=bunk pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=burden pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=burden pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=burdensome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=burdensome pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=burdensomely pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=burn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=busy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=busybody pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=butcher pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=butchery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=byzantine pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cackle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cajole pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=calamities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=calamitous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=calamitously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=calamity pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=calamity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=callous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=calumniate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=calumniation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=calumnies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=calumnious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=calumniously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=calumny pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=cancer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=cancerous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cannibal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cannibalize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=capitulate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=capricious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=capriciously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=capriciousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=capsize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=captive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=careless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=carelessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=caricature pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=carnage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=carp pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=cartoon pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=cartoon pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cartoonish pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=cash-strapped pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=castigate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=casualty pos1=noun stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cataclysm pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cataclysmal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cataclysmic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cataclysmically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=catastrophe pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=catastrophe pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=catastrophes pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=catastrophic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=catastrophic pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=catastrophically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=caustic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=caustically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cautionary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=cautious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=cave pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=censure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=censure pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=censure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=chafe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=chaff pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=chagrin pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=chagrin pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=challenge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=challenge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=challenging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=chaos pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=chaotic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=charisma pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=chasten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=chastise pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=chastisement pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=chatter pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=chatterbox pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cheapen pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cheap pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cheat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cheat pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cheater pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cheerless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=chide pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=childish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=chill pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=chilly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=chit pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=choppy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=choke pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=chore pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=chronic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=clamor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=clamorous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=clash pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=clash pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cliche pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cliched pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=clique pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=clog pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=close pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cloud pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=clumsy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=coarse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cocky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=coerce pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=coercion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=coercive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=cold pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=coldly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=collapse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=collapse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=collide pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=collude pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=collusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=combative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=comedy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=comedy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=comical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=commiserate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=commonplace pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=commotion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=commotion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=compel pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=complacent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=complacent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=complain pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=complaining pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=complaining pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=complaint pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=complaints pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=complaints pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=complex pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=complicate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=complicated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=complication pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=complicit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=compulsion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=compulsive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=compulsory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=concede pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=conceit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=conceited pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=concern pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=concern pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=concern pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=concerned pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=concerns pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=concerns pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=concession pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=concession pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=concessions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=concessions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=condescend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=condescending pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=condescendingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=condescension pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=condemn pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=condemn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=condemnable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=condemnation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=condolence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=condolences pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=condolences pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=confess pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=confession pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=confessions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=confessions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=conflict pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=conflict pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=confound pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=confound pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=confounded pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=confounding pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=confront pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=confrontation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=confrontation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=confrontational pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=confuse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=confused pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=confusing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=confusing pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=confusion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=confusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=congested pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=congestion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=conspicuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=conspicuous pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=conspicuously pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=conspiracies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=conspiracies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=conspiracy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=conspiracy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=conspirator pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=conspirator pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=conspiratorial pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=conspire pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=consternation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=constrain pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=constraint pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=consume pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=contagious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=contaminate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=contamination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contempt pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contemptible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contemptuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contemptuously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contention pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contentious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contentious pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contort pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contortions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contortions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contradict pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contradiction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contradictory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contrariness pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contrary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contravene pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contrive pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=contrived pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=controversial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=controversial pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=controversy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=controversy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=convoluted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=coping pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=coping pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=corrode pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=corrosion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=corrosive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=corrupt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=corrupt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=corruption pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=costly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=counterproductive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=coupists pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=coupists pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=covet pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=coveting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=covetingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=covetous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=covetous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=covetously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=cow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=coward pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cowardly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=crackdown pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=crackdown pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=crafty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=cramped pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cranky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=crass pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=craven pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cravenly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=craze pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=crazily pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=craziness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=crazy pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=credulous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=crime pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=criminal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cringe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cripple pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=crippling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=crisis pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=crisis pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=critic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=critical pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=criticism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=criticism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=criticisms pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=criticisms pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=criticize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=critics pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=critics pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=crook pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=crooked pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cross pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=crowded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=crude pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cruel pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cruelties pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cruelty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=crumble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=crumple pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=crush pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=crushing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cry pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=culpable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cuplrit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cumbersome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=curse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=curse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cursed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cursed pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=curses pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=cursory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=curt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cuss pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=cut pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cutthroat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cynical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=cynicism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=damage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=damage pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=damaging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=damn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=damn pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=damn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=damnable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=damnably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=damnation pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=damned pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=damning pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=danger pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=danger pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dangerous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dangerousness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dangerousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dangle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dark pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=darken pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=darkness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=darn pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dash pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dastard pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dastardly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=daunt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=daunting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dauntingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dawdle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=daze pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dazed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dead pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deadbeat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deadlock pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deadlock pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deadly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deadweight pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deaf pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dearth pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=death pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=debacle pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=debase pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=debasement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=debaser pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=debatable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=debate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=debauch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=debaucher pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=debauchery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=debilitate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=debilitating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=debility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=decadence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=decadent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=decay pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=decay pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=decayed pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deceit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deceitful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deceitfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deceitfulness pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deceiving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deceive pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deceiver pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deceivers pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deception pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deception pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deceptive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deceptive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deceptively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=declaim pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=decline pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=decline pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=declining pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=decrease pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=decrease pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=decreasing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=decrement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=decrepit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=decrepitude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=decry pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deep pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deepening pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deepening pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defamation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defamations pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defamatory pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defame pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=defeat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=defeat pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=defect pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defective pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=defensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defiance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defiance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defiant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defiantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deficiency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deficient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defile pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defiler pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deform pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deformed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defrauding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defrauding pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defunct pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=defy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=degenerate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=degenerate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=degenerately pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=degeneration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=degradation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=degrade pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=degrading pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=degradingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dehumanization pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dehumanize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deign pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deject pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dejected pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dejectedly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dejection pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=delinquency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=delinquent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=delirious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=delirium pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=delude pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deluded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deluge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=delusion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=delusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=delusional pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=delusional pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=delusions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=delusions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=demand pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=demand pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=demand pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=demands pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=demands pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=demean pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=demeaning pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=demise pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=demolish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=demolisher pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=demon pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=demonic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=demonize pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=demonize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=demoralize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=demoralizing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=demoralizingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=denial pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=denigrate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deny pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=denounce pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=denunciate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=denunciation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=denunciations pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deplete pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deplorable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deplorable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deplorably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deplore pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deploring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deploringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deprave pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=depraved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=depravedly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deprecate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=depress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=depressed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=depressing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=depressing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=depressingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=depression pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=depression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deprive pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deprived pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deride pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=derision pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=derisive pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=derisively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=derisiveness pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=derogatory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desecrate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desert pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desertion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desiccate pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desiccated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desolate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desolately pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desolation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despair pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despair pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despairing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despairingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desperate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desperately pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desperation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despicable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despicably pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despise pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despised pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despised pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despite pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despoil pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despoiler pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despondence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despondency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despondent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despondently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despot pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despotic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despotism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=despotism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=destabilisation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=destabilisation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=destitute pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=destitution pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=destroy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=destroyer pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=destroyer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=destruction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=destructive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=desultory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deter pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deteriorate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deteriorating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deteriorating pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deterioration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deterrent pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=detest pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=detestable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=detestably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=detract pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=detraction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=detriment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=detrimental pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=devastate pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=devastated pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=devastating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=devastatingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=devastation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deviate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deviate pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deviate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=deviation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=devil pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=devilish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=devilishly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=devilment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=devilry pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=devious pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deviously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=deviousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=devoid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=diabolic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=diabolical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=diabolically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=diametrically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=diatribe pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=diatribes pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dictator pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dictatorial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=differ pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=difficult pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=difficulties pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=difficulties pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=difficulty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=difficulty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=diffidence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=diffidence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dig pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=digress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dilapidated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dilemma pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dilemma pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dilly-dally pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dim pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dim pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=diminish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=diminishing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=din pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dinky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dire pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=direly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=direness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dirt pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dirty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dirty pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=disable pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=disabled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disaccord pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disadvantage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=disadvantaged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disadvantageous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disadvantageous pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disaffect pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disaffected pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disaffirm pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disagree pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disagreeable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disagreeably pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disagreement pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disagreement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disallow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disappoint pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disappointed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disappointing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disappointingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disappointment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disappointment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disapprobation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disapproval pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disapproval pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disapprove pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disapproving pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=disarm pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disarray pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disarray pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disaster pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disastrous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disastrously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disavow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disavowal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disbelief pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disbelieve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disbeliever pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disclaim pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discombobulate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discomfit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discomfititure pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=discomfort pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=discompose pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disconcert pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disconcerted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disconcerting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disconcertingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disconsolate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disconsolately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disconsolation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discontent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discontent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discontented pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discontentedly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discontinuity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discontinuity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discord pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discordance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discordant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discountenance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discourage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discouragement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discouraging pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discouragingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discourteous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discourteously pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discredit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=discrepant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=discriminate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=discrimination pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=discrimination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=discriminatory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disdain pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disdain pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disdainful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disdainfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=disease pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=diseased pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disfavor pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgrace pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgrace pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgraced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgraceful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgracefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgruntle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgruntled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgust pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgust pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgusted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgustedly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgustful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgustfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgusting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disgustingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dishearten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disheartening pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dishearteningly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dishonest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dishonest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dishonestly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dishonesty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dishonor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dishonor pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dishonorable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dishonorablely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disillusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disillusion pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disillusioned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disinclination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disinclined pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disingenuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disingenuously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=disintegrate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=disinterested pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=disintegration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disinterest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disinterested pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dislike pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dislocated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disloyal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disloyal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disloyalty pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dismal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dismally pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dismalness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dismay pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dismay pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dismayed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dismaying pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dismayingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dismissive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dismissive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dismissively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disobedience pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disobedient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disobey pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disown pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=disorder pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=disorder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=disordered pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=disorderly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disorganized pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disorient pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disoriented pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disown pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disparage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disparaging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disparagingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dispensable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dispirit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dispirited pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dispiritedly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dispiriting pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=displace pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=displaced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=displease pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=displeasing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=displeasure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=displeasure pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=disproportionate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disprove pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disputable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dispute pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dispute pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disputed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disquiet pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disquieting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disquietingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disquietude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disregard pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disregard pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disregardful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disreputable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disrepute pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disrespect pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disrespectable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disrespectablity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disrespectful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disrespectfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disrespectfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disrespecting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disrespecting pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disrupt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disruption pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disruption pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disruptive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissatisfaction pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissatisfaction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissatisfactory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissatisfied pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissatisfy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissatisfying pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissemble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissembler pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissension pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissenter pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissention pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disservice pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disservice pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissidence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissident pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissident pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissidents pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissidents pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissocial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissolute pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dissolution pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissonance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissonant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissonantly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissuade pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dissuasive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distaste pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distasteful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distastefully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distort pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distortion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distortion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=distract pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distracting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distraction pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distraction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distraught pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distraughtly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distraughtness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distressed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distressing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distressingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distrust pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distrustful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=distrusting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disturb pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disturbed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disturbed-let pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disturbed-let pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disturbing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disturbingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disunity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=disvalue pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=divergent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=divide pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=divided pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=division pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=divisive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=divisively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=divisiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=divorce pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=divorce pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=divorced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dizzy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dizzing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dizzingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=doddering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dodgey pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dogged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=doggedly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dogmatic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=doldrums pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dominance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dominance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dominate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=domination pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=domination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=domineer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=domineering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=domineering pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=doom pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=doomsday pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=doomsday pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dope pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=doubt pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=doubt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=doubtful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=doubtfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=doubts pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=doubts pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=down pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=downbeat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=downcast pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=downer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=downfall pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=downfallen pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=downgrade pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=downhearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=downheartedly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=downside pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=drab pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=draconian pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=draconic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dragon pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dragons pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dragons pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dragoon pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=drain pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=drain pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=drama pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=drama pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=drastic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=drastically pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dread pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dread pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dreadful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dreadfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dreadfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dreary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=drones pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=drones pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=droop pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=drought pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=drought pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=drowning pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=drunk pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=drunkard pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=drunken pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dubious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dubiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dubitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dud pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dull pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dullard pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dumb pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dumb pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dumbfound pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dumbfounded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dummy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dump pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dunce pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dungeon pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dungeons pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dungeons pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=dupe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dusty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dwindle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dwindling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=dying pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=earsplitting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=eccentric pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=eccentricity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=edgy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=effigy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=effrontery pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ego pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ego pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=egocentric pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=egomania pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=egotism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=egotistical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=egotistically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=egregious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=egregiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ejaculate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=election-rigger pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=election-rigger pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=eliminate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=elimination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=emaciated pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=emasculate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=embarrass pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=embarrassing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=embarrassingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=embarrassment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=embattled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=embroil pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=embroiled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=embroilment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=emotional pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=empathize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=empathy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=emphatic pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=emphatically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=emptiness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=emptiness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=empty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=encroach pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=encroachment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=endanger pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=endless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=enemies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=enemies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=enemy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enervate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enfeeble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enflame pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=engulf pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enjoin pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enmity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enormities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enormity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enormous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enormously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enrage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enraged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enslave pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=entangle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=entanglement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=entrap pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=entrapment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=envious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enviously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=enviousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=envy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=envy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=epidemic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=equivocal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=eradicate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=erase pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=erode pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=erosion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=err pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=errant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=erratic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=erratically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=erroneous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=erroneous pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=erroneously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=error pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=error pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=escapade pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=eschew pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=esoteric pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=estranged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=eternal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=evade pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=evasion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=evasive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=evil pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=evil pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=evildoer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=evils pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=evils pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=eviscerate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exacerbate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=exacting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exaggerate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exaggeration pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exaggeration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exasperate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exasperation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exasperating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exasperatingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=excessive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=excessively pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exclaim pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=exclude pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=exclusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=excoriate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=excruciating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=excruciatingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=excuse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=excuse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=excuses pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=excuses pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=execrate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=exhaust pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=exhaustion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exhort pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=exile pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exorbitant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exorbitantance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exorbitantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=expedient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=expediencies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=expediencies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=expel pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=expensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=expensive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=expire pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=explode pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exploit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exploitation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exploitation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=expose pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=exposed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=explosive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=expropriate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=expropriate pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=expropriation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=expropriation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=expulse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=expunge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=exterminate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=extermination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=extinguish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=extort pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=extortion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=extraneous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=extravagance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=extravagant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=extravagantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=extreme pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=extreme pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=extremely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=extremism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=extremism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=extremist pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=extremists pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=extremists pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fabricate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fabrication pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=facetious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=facetiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fading pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fail pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=failing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=failure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=failure pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=failures pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=failures pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=faint pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fainthearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=faithless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fake pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fall pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fallacies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fallacies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fallacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fallaciously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fallaciousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fallacy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fallout pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=false pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=false pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=falsehood pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=falsely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=falsify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=falter pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=famine pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=famished pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fanatic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fanatical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fanatically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fanaticism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fanatics pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fanciful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=far-fetched pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=farfetched pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=farce pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=farcical pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=farcical-yet-provocative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=farcically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fascism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fascism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fascist pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fastidious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fastidiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fastuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fatal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fatalistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fatalistically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fatally pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fateful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fatefully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fathomless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fatigue pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fatty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fatuity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fatuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fatuously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fault pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=faulty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fawn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fawningly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=faze pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fear pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fear pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fearful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fearfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fears pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fears pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fearsome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=feckless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=feeble pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=feeblely pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=feebleminded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=feign pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=feint pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fell pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=felon pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=felonious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ferocious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ferociously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ferocity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=feverish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fetid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fever pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fiasco pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fiat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fiat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fib pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fib pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fibber pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fickle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fiction pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fiction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fictional pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fictitious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fidget pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fidgety pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fiend pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fiendish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fierce pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fight pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fight pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=figurehead pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=figurehead pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=filth pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=filthy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=finagle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fine pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fissures pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fissures pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=flabbergast pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=flabbergasted pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=flagging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=flagrant pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=flagrantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=flak pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=flak pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=flake pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=flakey pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=flaky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=flash pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=flash pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=flashy pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=flat-out pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=flaunt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=flaw pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=flaw pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=flaws pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=flawed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=flawed pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fleer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fleeting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=flighty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=flimflam pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=flimsy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=flirt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=flirty pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=floored pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=flounder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=floundering pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=flout pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fluster pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=foe pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fool pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=foolhardy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=foolish pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=foolishly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=foolishness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=forbid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=forbidden pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=forbidding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=forbidding pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=force pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=forceful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=foreboding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=forebodingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=forfeit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=forged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=forget pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=forgetful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=forgetfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=forgetfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=forlorn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=forlornly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=formidable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=forsake pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=forsaken pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=forswear pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=foul pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=foul pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=foul pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=foully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=foulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fractious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fractiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fracture pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fracture pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fragile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fragile pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fragmented pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=frail pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frantic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frantically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=franticly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fraternize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fraud pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fraud pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fraudulent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fraught pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fraught pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=freak pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=freak pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=freakish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=freakish pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=freakish pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=freakishly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frazzle pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frazzle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frazzled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frenetic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frenetically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frenzied pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frenzy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fret pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fretful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=friction pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=friction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frictions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frictions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=friggin pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fright pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fright pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frighten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frightening pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frighteningly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frighteningly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frightful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frightfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=frigid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frivolous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frown pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frown pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=frozen pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fruitless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fruitlessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fumble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fun pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frustrate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frustrated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frustrating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frustrating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frustratingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=frustration pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fudge pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fudge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fudge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fugitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=full-blown pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fulminate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fume pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fundamentalism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fundamentalism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=furious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=furiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=furor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fury pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fuss pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fuss pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fuss pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fustigate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fussy pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=fusty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=futile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=futilely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=futility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=fuzzy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gabble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gaff pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gaffe pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gainsay pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gainsayer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gaga pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gaggle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gall pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=galling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gallingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=gamble pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=gamble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=game pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gape pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=garbage pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=garbage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=garish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gasp pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gasp pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gauche pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gaudy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gawk pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gawky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=geezer pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=genocide pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=genocide pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=get-rich pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=get-rich pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ghastly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ghetto pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gibber pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gibberish pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gibe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=glare pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=glare pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=glaring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=glaringly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=glib pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=glibly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=glitch pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gloat pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gloatingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gloom pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gloomy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gloss pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=glower pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=glum pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=glut pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=gnawing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=goad pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=goading pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=god-awful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=goddam pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=goddamn pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=goof pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=goof pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gossip pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gossip pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gossip pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=graceless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gracelessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=graft pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grandiose pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=grapple pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gratuitous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gratuitous pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gratuitously pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grave pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gravely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=greed pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=greedy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grief pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grievance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grievances pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grievances pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grieve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grieving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grievous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grievously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=grill pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grim pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grimace pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grind pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grind pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gripe pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gripe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grisly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=gritty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=gross pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grossly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grotesque pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grouch pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grouchy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=groundless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grouse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=growl pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grudge pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grudges pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grudges pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grudging pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grudgingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gruesome pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gruesomely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gruff pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=grumble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=guile pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=guilt pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=guilty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=guiltily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=gullible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=haggard pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=haggle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=halfhearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=halfheartedly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hallucinate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hallucination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hamper pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hamstring pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hamstrung pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=handicapped pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hapless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=haphazard pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=harangue pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=harass pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=harassment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=harassment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=harboring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=harboring pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=harbors pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=harbors pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hard pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hard-hit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hard-line pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hard-liner pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hardball pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hardball pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=harden pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hardened pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hardheaded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hardhearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hardliner pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hardliners pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hardliners pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hardly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hardship pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hardships pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hardships pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=harm pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=harm pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=harmful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=harms pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=harms pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=harpy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=harridan pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=harried pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=harrow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=harsh pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=harshly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hassle pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=haste pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=haste pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hasty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hasty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hater pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hateful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hatefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hatefulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=haughtily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=haughty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hatred pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=haunt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=haunting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=havoc pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hawkish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hawkish pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hazard pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hazard pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hazardous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hazy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=headache pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=headaches pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=headaches pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heartbreak pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heartbreaker pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heartbreaking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heartbreakingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heartless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heartrending pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heathen pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heathen pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heavily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heavy-handed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heavyhearted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heck pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heck pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heckle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hectic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hedge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hedonistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heedless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hegemonism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hegemonism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hegemonistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hegemony pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hegemony pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hegemony pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heinous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hell pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hell-bent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hellion pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=helpless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=helplessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=helplessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heresy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heretic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=heretical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hesitant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hideous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hideously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hideousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hinder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hindrance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hoard pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hoax pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hobble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hole pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hollow pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hoodwink pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hopeless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hopelessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hopelessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=horde pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=horrendous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=horrendously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=horrible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=horrible pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=horribly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=horrid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=horrific pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=horrifically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=horrify pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=horrify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=horrifying pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=horrifyingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=horror pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=horrors pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hostage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hostile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hostile pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hostilities pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hostilities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hostility pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hostility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hothead pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hotheaded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hotbeds pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hotbeds pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hothouse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hothouse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hubris pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=huckster pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=humbling pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=humiliate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=humiliating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=humiliation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hunger pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hungry pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hurt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hurt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hurtful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=hustler pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hypocrisy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hypocrite pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hypocrites pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hypocritical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hypocritically pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hysteria pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hysteric pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hysterical pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hysterically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=hysterics pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=icy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=idiocies pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=idiocy pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=idiot pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=idiotic pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=idiotically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=idiots pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=idle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ignoble pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ignominious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ignominiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ignominy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ignore pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ignorance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ignorance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ignorant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ignorant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ill pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ill pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ill-advised pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ill-conceived pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ill-fated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ill-favored pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ill-mannered pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ill-natured pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ill-sorted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ill-tempered pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ill-treated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ill-treatment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ill-treatment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ill-usage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ill-used pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=illegal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=illegally pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=illegitimate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=illicit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=illiquid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=illiterate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=illness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=illogic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=illogical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=illogically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=illusion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=illusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=illusions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=illusions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=illusory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imaginary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imbalance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imbalance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imbecile pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imbroglio pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=immaterial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=immature pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imminence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imminent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imminently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=immobilized pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=immoderate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=immoderately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=immodest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=immoral pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=immorality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=immorally pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=immovable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impair pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impaired pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impasse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=impassive pos1=adj stemmed1=n polarity=negative priorpolarity=weakneg
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impatience pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impatient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impatiently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impeach pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impede pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impedance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impediment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impending pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impending pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impenitent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=imperfect pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=imperfectly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imperialist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imperil pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imperious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imperiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=impermissible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=impersonal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impertinent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impetuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impetuously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impiety pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impinge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=implacable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=implausible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=implausibly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=implicate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=implication pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=implication pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=implode pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=implore pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imploring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imploringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impolite pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impolitely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impolitic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=importunate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=importune pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impose pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imposers pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imposers pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=imposing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=imposing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imposition pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imposition pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=impossible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=impossiblity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=impossibly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impotent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impotent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=impoverish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=impoverished pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impractical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impractical pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imprecate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=imprecise pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=imprecisely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=imprecision pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=imprison pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=imprisonment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=improbability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=improbable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=improbably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=improper pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=improperly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impropriety pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imprudence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=imprudent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impudence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impudent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impudently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impugn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impulsive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impulsively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=impunity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=impunity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=impurity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inability pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inaccessible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inaccuracy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inaccuracies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inaccurate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inaccurately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inaction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inactive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inadequacy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inadequate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inadequately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inadverent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inadverently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inadvisable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inadvisably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inane pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inanely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inappropriate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inappropriately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inapt pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inaptitude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inarticulate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inattentive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incapable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incapably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incautious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incendiary pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=incense pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incessant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incessantly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=incite pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=incitement pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=incitement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incivility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inclement pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incognizant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incoherence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incoherent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incoherently pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incommensurate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=incomparable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=incomparably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=incompatibility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=incompatible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=incompatible pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incompetence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incompetent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incompetently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=incomplete pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=incompliant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incomprehensible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incomprehension pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconceivable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconceivably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inconclusive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incongruous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incongruously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsequent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsequently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsequential pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsequentially pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsiderate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsiderately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsistence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsistencies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsistencies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inconsistency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inconsistent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsolable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconsolably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconstant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconvenience pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconvenience pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconvenient pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inconveniently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=incorrect pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incorrectly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incorrigible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incorrigibly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incredulous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=incredulously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inculcate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indecency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indecent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indecently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indecision pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indecisive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indecisively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indecorum pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indefensible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indefensible pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=indefinite pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=indefinitely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indelicate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=indeterminable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=indeterminably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=indeterminate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indifference pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indifferent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=indigent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indignant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indignantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indignation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indignity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indignity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=indiscernible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indiscreet pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indiscreet pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indiscreetly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indiscretion pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indiscriminate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indiscriminating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indiscriminately pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indisposed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=indistinct pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=indistinctive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indoctrinate pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indoctrination pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indoctrination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indolent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=indulge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ineffective pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ineffectively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ineffectiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ineffectual pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ineffectually pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ineffectualness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inefficacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inefficacious pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inefficacy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inefficiency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inefficient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inefficiently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ineligible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inelegance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inelegant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ineloquent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ineloquently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inept pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ineptitude pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ineptitude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ineptly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inequalities pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inequalities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inequality pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inequality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inequitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inequitably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inequities pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inequities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inertia pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inertia pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inescapable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inescapably pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inessential pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inevitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inevitable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inevitably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inexact pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inexcusable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inexcusably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inexorable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inexorably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inexperience pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inexperienced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inexpert pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inexpertly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inexpiable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inexplainable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inexplicable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inextricable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inextricably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infamous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infamously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infamy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infatuated pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=infected pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inferior pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inferiority pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infernal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=infest pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=infested pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infidel pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infidels pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=infiltrator pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=infiltrators pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=infiltrators pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infirm pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inflame pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inflammatory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inflated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inflationary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inflexible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inflict pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=infraction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infringe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infringement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infringements pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infringements pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infuriate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infuriated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infuriating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=infuriatingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inglorious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ingrate pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ingratitude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inhibit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=inhibition pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inhospitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inhospitality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inhuman pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inhumane pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inhumanity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inimical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inimically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=iniquitous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=iniquity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=injudicious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=injure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=injurious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=injury pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=injustice pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=injustice pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=injustices pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=injustices pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=innuendo pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=innuendo pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inopportune pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inordinate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inordinately pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insane pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insanely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insanity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insatiable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insecure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insecurity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insecurity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insensible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insensitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insensitively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insensitivity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insensitivity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insidious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insidiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insignificance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insignificant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insignificantly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insincere pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insincerely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insincerity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insinuate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insinuating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insinuation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insinuation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insociable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=isolation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insolence pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insolence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insolent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insolently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insolvent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insouciance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=instability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=instable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=instigate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=instigator pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=instigators pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insubordinate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insubstantial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insubstantially pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insufferable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insufferably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insufficiency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insufficient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insufficiently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insular pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insult pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insult pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insulted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insulting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insulting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insultingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insupportable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=insupportably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insurmountable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insurmountably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insurrection pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=insurrection pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=interfere pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=interference pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=interference pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=intermittent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=interrupt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=interruption pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=intimidate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intimidating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intimidatingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=intimidation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=intimidation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intolerable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intolerablely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intolerance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intolerance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intolerant pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=intoxicate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=intractable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intransigence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intransigence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intransigent pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intrude pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=intrusion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=intrusive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inundate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inundated pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=invader pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=invader pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=invalid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=invalidate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=invalidity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=invasive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=invective pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=inveigle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=invidious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=invidiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=invidiousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=involuntarily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=involuntary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irately pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ire pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irk pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irksome pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ironic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ironies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ironies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irony pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irrational pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irrationality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irrationally pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irreconcilable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irredeemable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irredeemably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irreformable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=irregular pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=irregularity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irrelevance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irrelevant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irreparable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irreplacible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irrepressible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irresolute pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=irresolvable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irresponsible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irresponsibly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=irretrievable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irreverence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irreverent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irreverently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irreversible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irreversible pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irritable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irritably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=irritant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irritate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irritated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irritating pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irritation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=irritation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=isolate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=isolated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=isolation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=itch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jabber pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jaded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=jam pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=jar pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jaundiced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jealous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jealously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jealousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jealousy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jeer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jeer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jeering pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jeeringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jeers pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jeopardize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jeopardy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jerk pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=jittery pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=jobless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=joker pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=jolt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=jumpy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=junk pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=junky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=juvenile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=kaput pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=keen pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=keen pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=kick pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=kick pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=kill pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=killer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=killer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=killjoy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=knave pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=knife pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=knock pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=knock pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=kook pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=kooky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lack pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lack pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lackadaisical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lackey pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lackeys pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lackeys pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lacking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lackluster pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=laconic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lag pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lambast pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lambaste pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lame pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lame-duck pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lament pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lamentable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lamentably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=languid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=languish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lanky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=languor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=languorous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=languorously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lapse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lascivious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=last-ditch pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=last-ditch pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=laugh pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=laugh pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=laughable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=laughably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=laughingstock pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=laughter pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lawbreaker pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lawbreaking pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lawless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lawlessness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lawlessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lax pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lax pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lazy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=leak pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=leakage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=leaky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=least pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lech pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lecher pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lecher pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lecherous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lechery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lecture pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lecture pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=leech pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=leech pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=leech pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=leer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=leer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=leery pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=left-leaning pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=less pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=less-developed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lessen pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lesser pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lesser-known pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=letch pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lethal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lethargic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lethargy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lewd pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lewdly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lewdness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=liable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=liability pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=liability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=liar pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=liar pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=liars pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=liars pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=licentious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=licentiously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=licentiousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lie pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lie pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lie pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lier pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=life-threatening pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lifeless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=limit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=limit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=limitation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=limited pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=limp pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=listless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=litigious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=little pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=little-known pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=livid pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lividly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=loath pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=loathe pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=loathe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=loathing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=loathly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=loathsome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=loathsomely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lone pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lone pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=loneliness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lonely pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lonesome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=long pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=longing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=longingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=loophole pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=loopholes pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=loopholes pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=loot pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lorn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=losing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=losing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lose pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=loser pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=loss pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lost pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lousy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=loveless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lovelorn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=low pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=low-rated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lowly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ludicrous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ludicrously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lugubrious pos1=adj stemmed1=1 priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lukewarm pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=lull pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lunatic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lunatic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lunaticism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lurch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lurid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lurk pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lurking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lust pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=lying pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=macabre pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mad pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=madden pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maddening pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maddeningly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=madder pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=madder pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=madly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=madman pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=madness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maladjusted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maladjustment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=malady pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=malaise pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=malcontent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=malcontent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=malcontented pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maledict pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maledict pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=malevolence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=malevolent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=malevolently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=malice pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=malicious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maliciously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maliciousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=malign pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=malign pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=malignant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=malodorous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maltreatment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maltreatment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=maneuver pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=maneuver pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mangle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mania pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maniac pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maniacal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=manic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=manipulate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=manipulation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=manipulation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=manipulative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=manipulators pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=manipulators pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mar pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mar pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=marginal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=marginally pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=martyrdom pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=martyrdom-seeking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=massacre pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=massacre pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=massacres pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maverick pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mawkish pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mawkishly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mawkishness pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maxi-devaluation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=maxi-devaluation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=meager pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mean pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=meaningless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=meanness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=meddle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=meddlesome pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mediocre pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mediocrity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=melancholy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=melodramatic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=melodramatically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=menace pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=menace pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=menacing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=menacingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mendacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mendacity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=menial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=merciless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mercilessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mere pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mere pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=merely pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mess pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mess pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=messy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=midget pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=midget pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=miff pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=militancy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=militancy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=mind pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mindless pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mindlessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mirage pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mirage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mire pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mire pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=misapprehend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misbecoming pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misbecome pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misbegotten pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misbehave pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misbehavior pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=miscalculate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=miscalculation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=miscalculation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mischief pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mischief pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mischievous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mischievously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misconception pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misconceptions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misconceptions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=miscreant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=miscreants pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misdirection pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=miser pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=miserly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=miserable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=miserableness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=miserably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=miseries pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misery pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misfit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misfortune pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misgiving pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misgivings pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misguidance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misguide pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misguided pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mishandle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mishap pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misinform pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misinformed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misinterpret pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misjudge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misjudgment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mislead pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mislead pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misleading pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misleadingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mislike pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mismanage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misread pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misreading pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misreading pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misrepresent pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misrepresentation pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=miss pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misstatement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mistake pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mistake pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mistaken pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mistakenly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mistakes pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mistakes pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mistrust pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mistrust pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mistrustful pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mistrustfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misunderstand pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misunderstood pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misunderstanding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misunderstanding pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misunderstanding pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misunderstandings pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misunderstandings pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=misuse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=moan pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mock pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mock pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mockeries pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mockery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mocking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mockingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=molest pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=molestation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=monotonous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=monotony pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=monster pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=monstrosities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=monstrosity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=monstrous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=monstrously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=moody pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=moon pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=moot pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=mope pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=morbid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=morbidly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mordant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mordantly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=moribund pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mortification pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mortified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mortify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mortifying pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mortifying pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=motionless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=motley pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mourn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mourner pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mournful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mournfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=muddle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=muddy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mudslinger pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mudslinging pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mulish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=multi-polarization pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=multi-polarization pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mundane pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=murder pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=murder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=murderous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=murderously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=murky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=muscle-flexing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mysterious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mysteriously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=mystery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=mystify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=mistified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=myth pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=myth pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nag pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nagging pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=naive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=naively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=narrow pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=narrower pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=narrower pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nastily pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nastiness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nasty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nationalism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nationalism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=naughty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=nauseate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nauseating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nauseatingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nebulous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nebulous pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nebulously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=need pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=need pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=needless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=needlessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=needy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nefarious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nefariously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=negate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=negation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=negative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=neglect pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=neglect pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=neglected pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=negligent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=negligence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=negligible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nemesis pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=nettle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nettlesome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nervous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nervously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nervousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=neurotic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=neurotically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=niggle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nightmare pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nightmarish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nightmarishly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nix pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=noisy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=non-confidence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=non-confidence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=nonexistent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nonsense pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nosey pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=notorious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=notoriously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nuisance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=nuisance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=numb pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obese pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obese pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=object pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=objection pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=objection pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=objectionable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=objections pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=objections pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=oblique pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obliterate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obliterated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oblivious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oblivious pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obnoxious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obnoxiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obscene pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obscenely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obscenity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=obscure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obscure pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obscurity pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obsess pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obsession pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obsessions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obsessive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obsessively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obsessiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=obsolete pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obstacle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obstacle pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obstinate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obstinately pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=obstruct pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=obstruction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obtrusive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obtuse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=obviously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=odd pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=odd pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=odder pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oddest pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oddities pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oddities pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oddity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oddly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=offence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=offence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=offend pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=offend pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=offending pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=offenses pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=offenses pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=offensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=offensive pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=offensive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=offensively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=offensiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=officious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ominous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ominously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=omission pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=omit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=one-side pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=one-sided pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=onerous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=onerously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=onslaught pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=onslaught pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=opinionated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=opponent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=opportunistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppose pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=opposition pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=opposition pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppositions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppositions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppression pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppressive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppressively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppressiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppressors pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=oppressors pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ordeal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=orphan pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ostracize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=outbreak pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outburst pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outburst pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outbursts pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outbursts pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outcast pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outcry pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=outdated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outlaw pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=outmoded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outrage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outrage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outraged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outrageous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outrageous pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outrageously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outrageousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=outrages pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=outsider pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=over-acted pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=over-valuation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=over-valuation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overact pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overact pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overacted pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=overawe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=overbalance pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=overbalanced pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overbearing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overbearingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overblown pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overcome pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overdo pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overdone pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overdue pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overemphasize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overkill pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overlook pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overplay pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=overpower pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=overreach pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=overrun pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=overshadow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=oversight pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=oversimplification pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=oversimplified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=oversimplify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=oversized pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overstate pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overstatement pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overstatement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overstatements pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=overtaxed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=overthrow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=overturn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=overwhelm pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overwhelming pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overwhelmingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overworked pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overzealous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=overzealously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pain pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pain pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=pain pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=painful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=painfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pains pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pains pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=pale pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=pale pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=paltry pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=pan pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pandemonium pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=panic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=panic pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=panicky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=paradoxical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=paradoxically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=paralize pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=paralyzed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=paranoia pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=paranoid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=parasite pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pariah pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=parody pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=partiality pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=partiality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=partisan pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=partisan pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=partisans pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=partisans pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=passe pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=passive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=passive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=passiveness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=passiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pathetic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pathetically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=patronize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=paucity pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=paucity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pauper pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=paupers pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=paupers pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=payback pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=payback pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=peculiar pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=peculiarly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pedantic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=pedestrian pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=peeve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=peeved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=peevish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=peevishly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=penalize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=penalty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=penalty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perfidious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perfidity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perfunctory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perfunctory pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=peril pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=perilous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=perilously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=peripheral pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pernicious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perplex pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perplexed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perplexing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perplexity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=persecute pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=persecution pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=persecution pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pertinacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pertinaciously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pertinacity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perturb pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perturbed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pervasive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pervasive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perverse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perversely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perversion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perversity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pervert pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=perverted pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pessimism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pessimistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pessimistically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pestilent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=petrify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=petrified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pettifog pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=petty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=phobia pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=phobic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=phony pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=picky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pillage pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pillory pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=pinch pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=pinch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pine pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=pique pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pitiable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pitiful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pitifully pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pitiless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pitilessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pittance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pity pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=plagiarize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=plague pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=plague pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=plague pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=plaything pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=plaything pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=plead pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pleading pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pleadingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=both
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=plea pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pleas pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pleas pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=plebeian pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=plight pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=plot pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=plotters pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=plotters pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ploy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ploy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=plunder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=plunderer pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=pointless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=pointlessly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=poison pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=poison pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=poisonous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=poisonously pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=polarisation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=polarisation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=polemize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=pollute pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=polluter pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=polluter pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=polluters pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=polluters pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=polution pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pompous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=poor pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=poorly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=posturing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=posturing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pout pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=poverty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=powerless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=prate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pratfall pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=prattle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=precarious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=precariously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=precipitate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=precipitous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=predatory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=predicament pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=prejudge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=prejudice pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=prejudice pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=prejudicial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=premeditated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=preoccupy pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=preposterous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=preposterously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pressing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pressing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=presume pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=presumptuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=presumptuous pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=presumptuously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pretence pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pretence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pretend pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pretense pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pretense pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pretentious pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pretentiously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=prevaricate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=pricey pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=prickle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=prickles pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=prickles pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=prideful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=primitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=primitive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=prison pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=prisoner pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=problem pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=problematic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=problematic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=problems pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=problems pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=procrastinate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=procrastination pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=profane pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=profane pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=profanity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=prohibit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=prohibitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=prohibitively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=propaganda pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=propaganda pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=propagandize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=proscription pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=proscription pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=proscriptions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=proscriptions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=prosecute pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=protest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=protest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=protest pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=protests pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=protests pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=protracted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=provocation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=provocation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=provocative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=provocative pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=provoke pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=pry pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pugnacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pugnaciously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=pugnacity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=punch pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=punch pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=punish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=punishable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=punitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=punitive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=puny pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=puppet pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=puppet pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=puppets pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=puppets pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=puzzle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=puzzled pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=puzzlement pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=puzzling pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=quack pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=qualms pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=qualms pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=quandary pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=quarrel pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=quarrel pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=quarrel pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=quarrellous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=quarrellously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=quarrels pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=quarrelsome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=quash pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=queer pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=questionable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=questionable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=quibble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=quit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=quitter pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=racism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=racism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=racist pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=racist pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=racist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=racists pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=racists pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rack pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=radical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=radical pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=radical pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=radicalization pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=radicalization pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=radically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=radicals pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ragged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=raging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rail pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rampage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rampant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ramshackle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rancor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rank pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rankle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rant pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rant pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ranting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rantingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rascal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rash pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=rat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rationalize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rattle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ravage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=raving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reactionary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rebellious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rebuff pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rebuke pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=recalcitrant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=recant pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=recession pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=recessionary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reckless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=recklessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=recklessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=recoil pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=recourses pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=recourses pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=redundancy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=redundant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=refusal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=refusal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=refuse pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=refutation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=refutation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=refute pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=regress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=regression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=regressive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=regret pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=regret pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=regret pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=regretful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=regretfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=regrettable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=regrettably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reject pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rejection pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rejection pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=relapse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=relentless pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=relentlessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=relentlessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reluctance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reluctance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=reluctant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=reluctantly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=remorse pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=remorse pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=remorseful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=remorseful pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=remorsefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=remorseless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=remorselessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=remorselessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=renounce pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=renunciation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=repel pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=repetitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reprehensible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reprehensible pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reprehensibly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reprehension pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reprehensive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=repress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=repression pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=repression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=repressive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reprimand pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reproach pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reproach pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reproach pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reproachful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reprove pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reprovingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=repudiate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=repudiation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=repudiation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=repugn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=repugnance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=repugnant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=repugnantly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=repulse pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=repulsed pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=repulsing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=repulsive pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=repulsively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=repulsiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=resent pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=resentful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=resentment pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=resentment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=reservations pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=reservations pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=resignation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=resigned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=resistance pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=resistance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=resistant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=resistant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=restless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=restlessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=restrict pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=restricted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=restriction pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=restrictive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=retaliate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=retaliatory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=retard pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reticent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=retire pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=retract pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=retreat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=retreat pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=revenge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=revenge pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=revengeful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=revengefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=revert pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=revile pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=reviled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=revoke pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=revolt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=revolting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=revoltingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=revulsion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=revulsive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=rhapsodize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=rhetoric pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=rhetoric pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rhetorical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rhetorical pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rid pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ridicule pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ridicule pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ridiculous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ridiculously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rife pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rift pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rift pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rifts pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rifts pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=rigid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=rigor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=rigorous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rile pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=riled pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=risk pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=risk pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=risky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=rival pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=rival pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=rivalry pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=roadblocks pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=roadblocks pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=rocky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rogue pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rogue pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rollercoaster pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rollercoaster pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=rot pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=rot pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rotten pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=rough pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rubbish pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rude pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rue pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rue pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ruffian pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ruffle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ruin pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ruin pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ruin pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=ruinous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rumbling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rumbling pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rumor pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rumor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rumors pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rumors pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rumours pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rumours pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rumple pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=run-down pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=runaway pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=rupture pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=rupture pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=rusty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ruthless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ruthlessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ruthlessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sabotage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sacrifice pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sacrifice pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sad pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sad pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sadden pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sadly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sadness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sag pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=salacious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sanctimonious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sanctimonious pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sap pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sarcasm pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sarcastic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sarcastically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sardonic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sardonically pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sass pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sass pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=satirical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=satirize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=savage pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=savage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=savage pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=savaged pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=savagely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=savagery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=savages pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=scandal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=scandal pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scandalize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scandalized pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scandalous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scandalously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scandals pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=scant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scapegoat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scar pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scar pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scarred pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=scarce pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scarcely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=scarcity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scare pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scared pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scarier pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scariest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scarily pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scars pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scars pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scary pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scathing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scathingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=scheme pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=scheme pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scheming pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scoff pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scoffingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scold pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scolding pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scoldingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scorching pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scorchingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scorn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scornful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scornfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scoundrel pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scourge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scowl pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scowl pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scream pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=screech pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=screech pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=screw pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scum pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=scummy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=second-class pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=second-tier pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=secretive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=secretive pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sedentary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=seedy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=seethe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=seething pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=self-coup pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=self-coup pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=self-criticism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=self-criticism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=self-defeating pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=self-destructive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=self-humiliation pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=self-humiliation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=self-interest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=self-interest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=self-interested pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=self-serving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=self-serving pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=selfinterested pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=selfish pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=selfishly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=selfishness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=senile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sensationalize pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=senseless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=senselessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=serious pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=seriously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=seriousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sermonize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=servitude pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=set-up pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=set-up pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sever pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=severe pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=severe pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=severely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=severity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shabby pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shadow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=shadowy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shady pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=shake pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=shaky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=shallow pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sham pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shambles pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shame pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shame pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shameful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shameful pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shamefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shamefully pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shamefulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shameless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shamelessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shamelessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shark pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sharp pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sharply pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shatter pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sheer pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shirk pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shirker pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=shipwreck pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shiver pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shock pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shock pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shock pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shocking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shockingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shoddy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=short-lived pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=shortage pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shortchange pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shortcoming pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shortcomings pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shortsighted pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shortsightedness pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=showdown pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=showdown pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=shred pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=shred pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shrew pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shriek pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shrill pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shrill pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shrilly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shrivel pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shroud pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shrouded pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=shrug pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=shrug pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shun pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shunned pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shyly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=shyness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sick pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sicken pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sickly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sickening pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sickening pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sickeningly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sickness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sidetrack pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sidetracked pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=siege pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sillily pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=silly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=simmer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=simplistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=simplistic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=simplistically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sin pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sin pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sinful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sinfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sinister pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sinisterly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sinking pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sinking pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=skeletons pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=skeletons pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=skeptical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=skeptical pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=skeptically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=skepticism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=skepticism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sketchy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=skimpy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=skittish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=skittish pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=skittishly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=skulk pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=skyrocketing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=slack pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=slander pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=slander pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=slanderer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=slanderous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=slanderously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=slanders pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=slanders pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=slap pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=slashing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=slashing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=slaughter pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=slaughter pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=slaughter pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=slaughtered pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=slaves pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=slaves pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sleazy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=slight pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=slight pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=slight pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=slightly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=slime pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sloppy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sloppily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sloth pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=slothful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=slow pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=slowly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=slow-moving pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=slug pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sluggish pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=slump pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=slump pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=slur pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=smack pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=smack pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=smash pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=smash pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=smear pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=smelling pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=smokescreen pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=smokescreen pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=smolder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=smoldering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=smother pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=smoulder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=smouldering pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=smug pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=smugly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=smut pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=smuttier pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=smuttiest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=smutty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=snare pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=snarl pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=snarl pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=snatch pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sneak pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sneak pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sneakily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sneaky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sneer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sneer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sneering pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sneeringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=snub pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=so-cal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=so-called pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sob pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sober pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sober pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sobering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=solemn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=solemn pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=somber pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sore pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sore pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sorely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=soreness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sorrow pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sorrow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sorrowful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sorrowfully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sorry pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sounding pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sour pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sourly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spade pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spade pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spank pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spilling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spilling pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=spinster pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spiritless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spite pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spiteful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spitefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spitefulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=split pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=split pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=splitting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spoil pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spook pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spookier pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spookiest pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spookily pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spooky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spooky pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spoon-fed pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spoon-feed pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spoonfed pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sporadic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=spot pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=spotty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spurious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=spurn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sputter pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=squabble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=squabbling pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=squander pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=squash pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=squirm pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stab pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stagger pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=staggering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=staggeringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stagnant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stagnate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stagnation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=staid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stain pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stake pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stake pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stale pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stalemate pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stammer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stampede pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stampede pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=standstill pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stark pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=starkly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=startle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=startling pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=startlingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=starvation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=starve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=static pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=steal pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stealing pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=steep pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=steeply pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stench pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stereotype pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stereotypical pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stereotypically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stern pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stern pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stew pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sticky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stiff pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stifle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stifling pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stiflingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stigma pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stigma pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stigmatize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sting pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=sting pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stinging pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stingingly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stink pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stink pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stinking pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stodgy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stole pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stolen pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stolen pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stooge pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stooges pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stooges pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=storm pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stormy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=straggle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=straggler pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=strain pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=strain pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=strained pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=strange pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=strange pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=strangely pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stranger pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=strangest pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=strangle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=strenuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stress pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stressful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stressfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stricken pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=strict pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=strictly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=strident pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stridently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=strife pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=strike pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stringent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stringently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative mpqapolarity=strongneg
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=struck pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=struggle pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=struggle pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=strut pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stubborn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stubbornly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stubbornness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stuffy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stumble pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stump pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stun pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stunt pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=stunted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stupid pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stupidity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stupidly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stupified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stupify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=stupor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sty pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=subdued pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=subjected pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=subjection pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=subjugate pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=subjugate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=subjugation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=submissive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=subordinate pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=subordinate pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=subservience pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=subservient pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=subside pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=substandard pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=subtract pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=subversion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=subversive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=subversively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=subvert pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=succumb pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sucker pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=suffer pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sufferer pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sufferers pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sufferers pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=suffering pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=suffering pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=suffocate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sugar-coat pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sugar-coated pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sugarcoated pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=suicidal pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=suicide pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sulk pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sullen pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sully pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sunder pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=superficial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=superficial pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=superficiality pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=superficially pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=superfluous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=superiority pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=superiority pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=superstition pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=superstitious pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=supposed pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=suppress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=suppression pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=suppression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=supremacy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=supremacy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=surrender pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=surrender pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=susceptible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=suspect pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=suspect pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=suspicion pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=suspicion pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=suspicions pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=suspicions pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=suspicious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=suspicious pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=suspicious pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=suspiciously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=swagger pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=swamped pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=swear pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=swindle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=swipe pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=swipe pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=swoon pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=swore pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sympathetic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sympathetic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sympathetically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sympathies pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sympathies pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sympathize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sympathy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=sympathy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=symptom pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=syndrome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=syndrome pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=taboo pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=taboo pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=taint pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tainted pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tamper pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tangled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tantrum pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tardy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tarnish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tattered pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=taunt pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=taunt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=taunting pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tauntingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=taunts pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tawdry pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tease pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=teasingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=taxing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tedious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tediously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=temerity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=temper pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=temper pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tempest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=temptation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tense pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tension pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tension pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tentative pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tentatively pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tenuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tenuously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tepid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=terrible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=terrible pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=terribleness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=terribly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=terror pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=terror-genic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=terror-genic pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=terrorism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=terrorize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=thankless pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=thirst pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=thirst pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=thorny pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=thorny pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=thoughtless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=thoughtlessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=thoughtlessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=thrash pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=threat pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=threat pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=threaten pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=threatening pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=threatening pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=threats pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=threats pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=throttle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=throw pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=thumb pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=thumbs pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=thumbs pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=thwart pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=timid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=timidity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=timidly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=timidness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tiny pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tire pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tired pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tiresome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tiring pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tiring pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tiringly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=toil pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=toll pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=toll pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=too pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=topple pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=torment pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=torment pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tormented pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=torrent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=torture pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=torture pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tortured pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tortuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=torturous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=torturously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=totalitarian pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=touchy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=toughness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=toughness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=toxic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=traduce pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tragedy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tragedy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tragic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tragically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=traitor pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=traitorous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=traitorously pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=traitorously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tramp pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=trample pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=transgress pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=transgression pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=trauma pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=trauma pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=traumatic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=traumatic pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=traumatically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=traumatize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=traumatized pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=travesties pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=travesty pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=travesty pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=treacherous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=treacherously pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=treachery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=treason pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=treasonous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=trial pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=trick pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=trick pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tricky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tricky pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=trickery pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=trivial pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=trivial pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=trivialize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=trivially pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=trouble pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=trouble pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=trouble pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=trouble pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=troublemaker pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=troublemaker pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=troublesome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=troublesome pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=troublesomely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=troubling pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=troublingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=truant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=try pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=trying pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=tumultuous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=turbulent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=turmoil pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=twist pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=twist pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=twisted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=twists pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=twists pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tyrannical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tyrannically pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tyranny pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=tyrant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ugh pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ugliness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ugliness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ugly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ulterior pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ultimatum pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ultimatums pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ultimatums pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ultra-hardline pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ultra-hardline pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unacceptable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unacceptablely pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unaccustomed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unattractive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unauthentic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unavailable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unavoidable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unavoidably pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unbearable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unbearablely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unbelievable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unbelievably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=uncertain pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uncivil pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uncivilized pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uncivilized pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unclean pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unclear pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=uncollectible pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=uncomfortable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=uncompetitive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uncompromising pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uncompromisingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unconfirmed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unconstitutional pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=uncontrolled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unconvincing pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unconvincingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uncouth pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=undecided pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=undefined pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=undependability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=undependable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=underdog pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=underdog pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=underestimate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=underlings pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=underlings pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=undermine pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=underpaid pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=undesirable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=undetermined pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=undid pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=undignified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=undo pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=undocumented pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=undone pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=undue pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unease pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unease pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uneasily pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uneasiness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uneasiness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uneasy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=uneconomical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unequal pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unethical pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=uneven pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=uneventful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unexpected pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unexpectedly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unexplained pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unfair pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unfairly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unfaithful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unfaithfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unfamiliar pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unfavorable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unfeeling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unfinished pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unfit pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unforeseen pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unfortunate pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unfortunately pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unfounded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unfriendly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unfulfilled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unfunded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ungrateful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ungovernable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=ungovernable pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unhappily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unhappiness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unhappy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unhealthy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unilateralism pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unilateralism pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unimaginable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unimaginably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unimportant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=uninformed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=uninsured pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unipolar pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unipolar pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unjust pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unjustifiable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unjustifiably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unjustified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unjustly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unkind pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unkindly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unlamentable pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unlamentably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unlawful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unlawfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unlawfulness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unlawfulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unleash pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unlicensed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unlikely pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unlucky pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unmoved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unnatural pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unnaturally pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unnecessary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unneeded pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unnerve pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unnerved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unnerving pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unnervingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unnoticed pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unobserved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unorthodox pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unorthodoxy pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unpleasant pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unpleasantries pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unpleasantries pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unpopular pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unprecedent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unprecedented pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unpredictable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unprepared pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unproductive pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unprofitable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unqualified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unravel pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unravel pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unraveled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unrealistic pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unreasonable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unreasonable pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unreasonably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unrelenting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unrelenting pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unrelentingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unreliability pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unreliability pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unreliable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unresolved pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unrest pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unruly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unsafe pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unsatisfactory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unsavory pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unscrupulous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unscrupulously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unseemly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unsettle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unsettled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unsettling pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unsettlingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unskilled pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unsophisticated pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unsound pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unspeakable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unspeakablely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unspecified pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unstable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unsteadily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unsteadiness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unsteady pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unsuccessful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unsuccessfully pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unsupported pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unsure pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unsuspecting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unsustainable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=untenable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=untested pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unthinkable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unthinkably pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=untimely pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=untrue pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=untrustworthy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=untruthful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=unusual pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unusually pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unwanted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unwarranted pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unwelcome pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unwieldy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unwilling pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unwillingly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unwillingness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unwise pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unwisely pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unworkable pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unworthy pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=unyielding pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=upbraid pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=upheaval pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=uprising pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uproar pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uproarious pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uproariously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uproarous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=uproarously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=uproot pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=upset pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=upset pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=upsetting pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=upsetting pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=upsettingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=urgency pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=urgency pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=urgent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=urgent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=urgently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=useless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=usurp pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=usurper pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=utter pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=utterly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vagrant pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=vague pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=vague pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=vagueness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vain pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vainly pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=vanish pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=vanity pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vehement pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vehemently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vengeance pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vengeful pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vengefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vengefulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=venom pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=venom pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=venomous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=venomously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vent pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vestiges pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vestiges pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=veto pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=veto pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vex pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vex pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vexation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vexing pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vexingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vice pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vicious pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=viciously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=viciousness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=victimize pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vie pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vileness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vilify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=villainous pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=villainously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=villains pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=villains pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=villian pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=villianous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=villianously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=villify pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vindictive pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vindictively pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vindictiveness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=violate pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=violation pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=violator pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=violator pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=violent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=violently pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=viper pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=virulence pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=virulent pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=virulently pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=virus pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=virus pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=vocally pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vociferous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vociferously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=void pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=volatile pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=volatility pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=vomit pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=vomit pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=vulgar pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wail pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wallow pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wane pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=waning pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=waning pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wanton pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=war pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=war pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=war-like pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=war-like pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=warfare pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=warlike pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=warning pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=warning pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=warp pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=warped pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=warily pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wariness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=waste pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=waste pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wasteful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wastefulness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=watchdog pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=watchdog pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wayward pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=weak pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=weaken pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=weakening pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=weakening pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=weakness pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=weakness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=weaknesses pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=weaknesses pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=weariness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wearisome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=weary pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=weary pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=weary pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wedge pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wedge pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wee pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=weed pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=weep pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=weird pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=weird pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=weirdly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=whatever pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wheedle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=whimper pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=whine pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=whine pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=whips pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=whips pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wicked pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wickedly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wickedness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=widespread pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wild pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wildly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wiles pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wilt pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wily pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wince pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=withheld pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=withhold pos1=verb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=woe pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=woebegone pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=woeful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=woefully pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=worn pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=worn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worried pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worriedly pos1=adverb stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worrier pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worries pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worries pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worrisome pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worry pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worry pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worry pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worrying pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worryingly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worse pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worsen pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worsening pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worst pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worthless pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worthlessly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=worthlessness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wound pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wound pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wound pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wounds pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wounds pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wreck pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wreck pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wrangle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wrath pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wrest pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wrestle pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wretch pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wretched pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wretchedly pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wretchedness pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=writhe pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wrong pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wrong pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wrongful pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=wrongly pos1=anypos stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wrought pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=weaksubj len=1 word1=wrought pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=yawn pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=yawn pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=yelp pos1=verb stemmed1=y priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=zealot pos1=noun stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=zealous pos1=adj stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
type=strongsubj len=1 word1=zealously pos1=anypos stemmed1=n priorpolarity=negative
